Postgres Operator 4.2.0 Upgrade Documenation (#1178)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: hugo/content/Upgrade/upgrade35to4.md

##### Prerequisites.
You will need the following items to complete the upgrade:

* The latest PGO 4.2.0 code for the Postgres Operator available
* The latest PGO 4.2.0 client binary

##### Step 0

> Create a new Centos/Redhat user with the same permissions are the existing user used to install the Crunchy Postgres Operator. This is necessary to avoid any issues with environment variable differences between 3.5 and 4.2.0.

Reviewer: sp. `CentOS` and `Red Hat`. We call this a `Linux user` later. Can we use it here, too?

```suggestion
Create a new Linux user with the same permissions are the existing user used to install the Crunchy Postgres Operator. This is necessary to avoid any issues with environment variable differences between 3.5 and 4.2.0.
```

Author: Yes, I think it's fair to use Linux user in both places given that this is referring to an upgrade of an existing environment. I'll make that change.

	pgo test <clustername> -n <namespace>
Output should be similar to:
```
cluster : mycluster
        Services
                primary (10.106.70.238:5432): UP
        Instances
                primary (mycluster-7d49d98665-7zxzd): UP
```
##### Step 7
Scale up to the required number of replicas, as needed.

It is also recommended to take full backups of each pgcluster once the upgrade is completed due to versio

> n differences between the old and new clusters.

Reviewer: I see an extra break in the middle of `version` here.

Author: Yep, corrected.
